He will probably have to paint the walls a different shade of pink.
The vines crept up to wind around the marble balcony.
Neither sister wanted the gloves they got for their birthday.
I wonder what we will eat for dinner tonight.
If we all get into these barrels and keep quiet then we won't get caught.
My family is coming to visit me and they will be bringing presents.
There was a princess in that castle long ago.
An orange dog walked past me on his way to the park.
Bats can't actually see in the dark but they can navigate with their hearing.
Many people used to live in caves because they liked the dark.
If you drop a stone from here it will take a minute to reach the bottom.
The picnic was quickly overrun by ants so they had to go home.
Perhaps the new teacher will give us easier exams than the last one.
The new girl in our French class is very beautiful.
Those aren't monsters under your bed because it's only the cat.
Once every three weeks they would meet to talk about their exams.
Always bring a banana to a party because you might need the potassium.
My brother is very afraid of horses so he doesn't ride them.
Aunt Amy used to be the world champion in swimming.
The plane took off with a bit of turbulence from the wind.
Will didn't know how to swim so his brother James taught him to.
They began on a great adventure that would take them a long time to complete.
If I leave him with my mother we can go on holiday together.
If you replace the oil with butter the cake will turn out much better.
My mother's favourite thing to eat is chocolate cake.
The man in the strange hat walked up to the bar for some water.
Steven luckily turned in his exam on Friday just before the deadline.
There are rumours that Ted wants to turn us into magical frogs.
I think that I might soon be able to invent a time machine.
Owls can turn their head all of the way around when they want to.
There are few things nicer at the end of an autumn day than apple pie.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
In a strange new city it's hard to find people you can connect with.
The economic impact of that President's decision cannot be underestimated.
The South China Sea is an area with territory that is still contested.
Purple is the best colour for pens despite not being very professional.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
That cat was so cute that she brought him home that very day.
Some people like basketball for the speed but the agility is more exciting.
The space program is designed to find non-human life in the universe.
