full_sentence
Looks like more change than anyone expected at the beginning of the project.
It has shown them a true example of how to fight back against wars. 
He has a certain genius matched by his sympathy for all kinds of behaviour.
We all have interesting horror stories we can tell, don't we?
The most recent hybrid cars are even more fuel-efficient.
They put inside hygiene items for the earthquake victims.
The beauty of this amazing island is one of my best memories.
To their frustration only some lettuce and corn would grow in this poor soil.
He missed the previous marathon and the one before that because of an injury.
Even a single molecule remaining is incredibly unlikely.
Reducing some of this mountain of paper would be nice.
This time his wonderful nephew was there for Ben during his breakdown.
From the opposing nostril the water will run out and into the sink.
We looked for the missing paddle all day but couldn't find it.
There was a large parcel on her doorstep when she got home.
Choosing the right plaque to buy is not quite easy.
Those in the first platoon were the ones who get hurt the worst.
In centuries no other prophet had managed to unite them as he did.
His recent favourite recruit was a tall muscular boy named Peter.
It's an amazing resource for young students interested in biology.
It has a real rhythm that you can easily dance to.
Linda always disliked school when it was sunny outside.
At home their sphere of influence drew them all in.
The look of the brownish spinach didn't appeal to him at all.
A large square sponge sat on the side of the kitchen sink.
I hope your surprise isn't going to be spoiled.
No doubt this synagogue has the most beautiful exterior.
This is an impossible theorem for us to prove in a traditional way.
The small wooden throne for the prince sat at the head of his table.
A badly broken trumpet lay in the middle of the deserted stage.
It's definitely a great vehicle for a large family.
Yesterday he declared yellow alerts for several areas.
He always criticised romantics who weren't thinking clearly.
Let's bring some sanity back into this debate.
You can increase acidity by adding lemon juice to the mixture.
It was almost audible how excited she was at the news.
We're at the right density to not float away into space.
Brian was clearly furious about the grade he got for his final exam.
With an increasingly nervous energy she ran faster and faster.
He continued to display signals on the side of the field to motivate players.
The only soloist in the orchestra was a violin player.
Some people are more zealous than others at church.
There were clean bandages left on the floor of the hospital.
Witnessing a sudden eruption is both scary and exciting.
He showed the same firmness with his children as with his soldiers.
She told us about the black fortress on a hill above all the land.
Due to your particular genetics you have an increased risk of cancer.
We really have glorious weather today with this sun.
My mother was always gracious with her house guests.
She wanted three pianists in the concert but only two arrived.
Charles was the only sculptor to have understood what I wanted.
If you promote violence then it might be used on you too.
We need to develop dignified human rights laws for refugees.
Make your way towards greatness by pushing yourself to be better.
The Arctic Ocean is more sensitive to changes in climate.
I appreciate your ongoing vigilance in getting the truth out there.
Half of the recent european car sales are reported to be electric cars.
What an excitingly historic setting for the last race of the season.
I think higher humidity feels worse than having higher temperatures.
They displayed a certain jealousy over Audrey's sudden freedom.
It's located between northern Spain and the south of France.
The snowy white vastness of the North Pole makes it difficult to survive.
He quickly became asthmatic and had trouble breathing.
Sasha definitely had luxurious tastes when it came to desserts.
There has been no huge change in its use in the last decade.
We must consider the previous example of collaboration between the two labs.
She is one of those genius characters who don't work hard but succeed anyway.
Think of it as a typical horror film where the monsters end up defeated.
I invented hybrid bicycles because the planet needed our help.
You need good hygiene if you're going to succeed at the interview.
Our own little island of personal space is our table in the restaurant.
This will keep your lettuce fresh and crunchy all week long.
The important thing during marathon training is not to run too quickly.
For the journey every molecule will be reused in this sustainable spaceship.
After this one there will be another mountain before the end of our quest.
Only a special nephew would agree to help his uncle for a year.
In the right nostril there was a little circular piercing.
Only one old blue paddle was left in the boat when they checked.
Jane recognised the bright parcel containing the books she had ordered.
The best way to eliminate plaque between your teeth is brushing them well.
Last summer our entire platoon went through training runs every morning.
He found the young prophet at the back of the church.
It looked like the newest recruit was going to fail his exams.
The course introduces resource management to combat global warning.
He found a good rhythm in the second quarter and scored thirty points.
With so much school work to do they didn't have time to travel much.
Inside there was a light sphere resting on a pillow.
After a short wait seven spinach bowls were brought to the table.
This type of natural sponge is exactly what you need to clean your house.
John could always surprise Jane on their anniversary.
You may expect every synagogue to be different in some way.
It is a solid theorem now despite the time it took to prove it.
Matthew dashed into the crowded throne room with the pineapple.
You shall be a fearless trumpet of truth and a voice of godly influence.
Yesterday I saw another vehicle on that street in the middle of the day.
There were large yellow plates on the table for the main course.
All of those romantics out there believe that her lover married her.
Any hope of a future sanity depended on our willingness to listen.
Some slight additional acidity can always improve the taste.
The dog is definitely audible when he spots a cat down the street.
We need the right density of reflective bits to decrease solar radiation.
I'm still incredibly furious that I wasn't invited to the birthday party.
She was especially nervous before the test since she hadn't studied.
Maybe some of those signals aren't coming from outer space.
Jessica was a former soloist for the national orchestra in Paris.
Max was a little zealous at first when talking to strangers.
Please change your bandages every two days for it to heal.
A completely unexpected eruption from the moka sprayed coffee on the walls.
She detected an unusual firmness during a routine examination.
John had made a personal fortress of his library and was a private scholar.
That is partly about genetics and partly about how you were raised.
He would have been truly glorious as a king in his prime.
While still sounding gracious and complimenting his employees he resigned.
It's impressive how effortlessly pianists improvise when playing jazz.
A very controversial sculptor designed this piece last year.
Let's talk about violence in a home environment between parents.
He doesn't deserve a graceful dignified exit after what he's done.
George is exceptional at seeing greatness in someone young and training them.
There’s a possibility sensitive data has been transmitted to scammers.
He needs to maintain vigilance on the task at hand to avoid making mistakes.
That's a very european point of view on recycling.
For this potentially historic event to occur we need genuine cooperation.
Try to maintain the right humidity and temperature to prevent spoiling.
A touch of friendly jealousy mixed with pleasure is how we talk to them.
This is the great northern tradition of coffee breaks called fika.
She dreamt about green vastness filled with sweeping winds and fishing boats.
Children often experience asthmatic attacks as a result of tobacco smoke.
They were moved to relatively luxurious quarters when they complained.
